Adding a port exposure note to Core get started page (#5871)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-get-started/_index.md

- `-v /path/on/host:/path/in/container`: Mounts a directory from your filesystem to the container
- `--object-store file --data-dir /path/in/container`: Uses the mount for server storage

> [!Note]
> 

> > The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the default for the `influxdb3` server HTTP port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the `influxdb` server default for HTTP connections.
> To map the exposed port to a different port when running a container, see the Docker guide for [Publishing and exposing ports](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/docker-concepts/running-containers/publishing-ports/).
```

- `-v /path/on/host:/path/in/container`: Mounts a directory from your filesystem to the container
- `--object-store file --data-dir /path/in/container`: Uses the mount for server storage

> [!Note]
> 

> > The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the `influxdb` server default for HTTP connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the `influxdb3` server default for HTTP connections.
```

- `-v /path/on/host:/path/in/container`: Mounts a directory from your filesystem to the container
- `--object-store file --data-dir /path/in/container`: Uses the mount for server storage

> [!Note]

> > The InfluxDB 3 Core Docker image **can expose port 8181**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The {{% product-name %}} Docker image exposes port `8181`, the default for the `influxdb3` server HTTP port.
```

https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/blob/main/Dockerfile#L84
